<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [alliances][1]
-   [corps][2]
    -   [Parameters][3]
-   [icon][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
-   [info][6]
    -   [Parameters][7]
-   [contacts][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
-   [labels][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]
-   [makeRequest][12]
    -   [Parameters][13]
-   [checkForConfig][14]
    -   [Parameters][15]
-   [getSettings][16]
-   [setSettings][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
-   [sleep][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [log][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]

## alliances

List all active player alliances.

Returns **[Array][23]&lt;[number][24]>** A array of all active player alliances.

## corps

Get all current member alliances of an alliance.

### Parameters

-   `allianceID`  
-   `ID`  {number} The alliance ID to get the alliances from.

Returns **[Array][23]&lt;[number][24]>** The alliances in the alliance.

## icon

Get the icon urls for a alliance.

### Parameters

-   `allianceID`  {number} The alliance ID to get the icon of.

Returns **[object][25]** Links to the different sizes of the alliance icon.

## info

Get public information about an alliance.

### Parameters

-   `allianceID`  
-   `ID`  {number} The alliance ID to get info from.

Returns **[object][25]** Public info on the alliance.

## contacts

Get alliance contacts.

### Parameters

-   `allianceID` **[number][24]** 

Returns **[JSON][26]** 

## labels

Get alliance contact labels

### Parameters

-   `allianceID` **[number][24]** 

Returns **[JSON][26]** 

## makeRequest

subUrl -> remaining url part specific to the function call

 post -> state if the request is of type post, will make a get request otherwise

 body -> data to pass to the request body for requests of type post

 query -> aditional query parameters

### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][25]** 
    -   `$0.subUrl`  
    -   `$0.body`  
    -   `$0.query`  
    -   `$0.requestType`   (optional, default `'get'`)
    -   `$0.needsAuth`   (optional, default `false`)

## checkForConfig

Checks for a config file in 'projectPath'. If it exists, it checks if it can read and write to the file. If not, it creates one.

### Parameters

-   `logging`  

## getSettings

Gets the settings for esiJS.

Returns **[JSON][26]** A JSON object with the settings.

## setSettings

Sets the settings for esiJS.

### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][25]** 
    -   `$0.route`  
    -   `$0.authToken`  
    -   `$0.language`  
    -   `$0.programName`  
-   `route` **[string][27]** Any of the valid routes through ESI.
-   `authToken` **[string][27]** A valid auth token.
-   `language` **[string][27]** A valid language code.
-   `programName` **[string][27]** The name of your project, used by esiJS to pass in as a header.

Returns **[Boolean][28]** True if it was able to sucessfully write. Otherwise, a error.

## sleep

Pause execution of code for a specified amount of time.

### Parameters

-   `millis` **[number][24]** The time to delay (in milliseconds)

Returns **[Promise][29]&lt;[function][30]>** 

## log

### Parameters

-   `message` **[string][27]** The log message.
-   `type` **[string][27]** Either 'INFO', 'WARN', or 'WARNING'. (optional, default `'info'`)

[1]: #alliances

[2]: #corps

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #icon

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #info

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #contacts

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #labels

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #makerequest

[13]: #parameters-5

[14]: #checkforconfig

[15]: #parameters-6

[16]: #getsettings

[17]: #setsettings

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #sleep

[20]: #parameters-8

[21]: #log

[22]: #parameters-9

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
