<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [corporationHistory][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [icons][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [info][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [npcCorps][7]
-   [blueprints][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
-   [secureContainerLogs][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]
-   [assets][12]
    -   [Parameters][13]
-   [locations][14]
    -   [Parameters][15]
-   [names][16]
    -   [Parameters][17]
-   [bookmarks][18]
    -   [Parameters][19]
-   [folders][20]
    -   [Parameters][21]
-   [contacts][22]
    -   [Parameters][23]
-   [labels][24]
    -   [Parameters][25]
-   [contracts][26]
    -   [Parameters][27]
-   [bids][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]
-   [items][30]
    -   [Parameters][31]
-   [getSettings][32]
-   [setSettings][33]
    -   [Parameters][34]
-   [sleep][35]
    -   [Parameters][36]

## corporationHistory

Get a list of all the corporations a corporation has been a member of

### Parameters

-   `corporationID`  
-   `corpID`  {number} The corporation to get the corporation history of.

Returns **\[[number][37]]** A array of corporation IDs.

## icons

Get the icon urls for a corporation.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID`  
-   `corpID`  {number} The corporation ID to get the icon of.

Returns **[object][38]** Links to the different sizes of the corporation icon.

## info

Get public information about a corporation.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID`  
-   `corpID`  {number} The corporation ID to get info from.

Returns **[object][38]** Public info on the corporation.

## npcCorps

Get a list of npc corporations.

Returns **\[[number][37]]** A array of all NPC corporations.

## blueprints

Get corporation blueprints

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 
-   `page` **[number][37]** Which page of results to return. Defaults to 1 (optional, default `1`)

Returns **any** a list of blueprints the corporation owns.

## secureContainerLogs

Get all corporation ALSC logs

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 
-   `page` **[number][37]** Which page of results to return. Defaults to 1 (optional, default `1`)

Returns **any** logs recorded in the past seven days from all audit log secure containers (ALSC) owned by a given corporation.

## assets

Get corporation assets.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **[JSON][39]** A list of the corporations assets.

## locations

Get corporation asset locations.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 
-   `itemIDs` **\[[number][37]]**  (optional, default `[]`)

Returns **[JSON][39]** Locations for a set of item ids, which you can get from corporation assets endpoint. Coordinates for items in hangars or stations are set to (0,0,0)

## names

Get corporation asset names.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 
-   `itemIDs` **\[[number][37]]** 

Returns **[JSON][39]** Names for a set of item ids, which you can get from corporation assets endpoint. Typically used for items that can customize names, like containers or ships.

## bookmarks

List corporation bookmarks

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **[JSON][39]** A list of your corporation’s personal bookmarks.

## folders

List corporation bookmark folders

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **[JSON][39]** A list of your corporation’s personal bookmark folders.

## contacts

Get corporation contacts.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **[JSON][39]** 

## labels

Get corporation contact labels

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **any** esi-corporations.read_contacts.v1

## contracts

Get corporation contracts.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **any** contracts available to a corporation, only if the corporation is issuer, acceptor or assignee. Only returns contracts no older than 30 days, or if the status is "in_progress".

## bids

Get corporation contract bids.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 
-   `contractID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **any** bids on a particular auction contract.

## items

Get corporation contract items.

### Parameters

-   `corporationID` **[number][37]** 
-   `contractID` **[number][37]** 

Returns **any** items of a particular contract.

## getSettings

Gets the settings for esiJS.

Returns **[JSON][39]** A JSON object with the settings.

## setSettings

Sets the settings for esiJS.

### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][38]** 
    -   `$0.route`  
    -   `$0.authToken`  
    -   `$0.language`  
    -   `$0.programName`  
-   `route` **[string][40]** Any of the valid routes through ESI.
-   `authToken` **[string][40]** A valid auth token.
-   `language` **[string][40]** A valid language code.
-   `programName` **[string][40]** The name of your project, used by esiJS to pass in as a header.

Returns **[Boolean][41]** True if it was able to sucessfully write. Otherwise, a error.

## sleep

Pause execution of code for a specified amount of time.

### Parameters

-   `millis` **[number][37]** The time to delay (in milliseconds)

Returns **[Promise][42]&lt;[function][43]>** 

[1]: #corporationhistory

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #icons

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #info

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #npccorps

[8]: #blueprints

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #securecontainerlogs

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #assets

[13]: #parameters-5

[14]: #locations

[15]: #parameters-6

[16]: #names

[17]: #parameters-7

[18]: #bookmarks

[19]: #parameters-8

[20]: #folders

[21]: #parameters-9

[22]: #contacts

[23]: #parameters-10

[24]: #labels

[25]: #parameters-11

[26]: #contracts

[27]: #parameters-12

[28]: #bids

[29]: #parameters-13

[30]: #items

[31]: #parameters-14

[32]: #getsettings

[33]: #setsettings

[34]: #parameters-15

[35]: #sleep

[36]: #parameters-16

[37]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[38]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[39]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON

[40]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[41]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[42]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[43]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
