<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [characters][1]
-   [corps][2]
-   [leaderboard][3]
-   [stats][4]
-   [systems][5]
-   [wars][6]
-   [getSettings][7]
-   [setSettings][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
-   [sleep][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]

## characters

Top 100 leaderboard of pilots for kills and victory points separated by total, last week and yesterday

Returns **[object][12]** Character leaderboard of kills and victory points within faction warfare.

## corps

Returns **[object][12]** Corporation leaderboard of kills and victory points within faction warfare.

## leaderboard

Top 4 leaderboard of factions for kills and victory points separated by total, last week and yesterday.

Returns **[object][12]** All-time leaderboard of kills and victory points within faction warfare.

## stats

Statistical overviews of factions involved in faction warfare

Returns **[object][12]** Per faction breakdown of faction warfare statistics.

## systems

An overview of the current ownership of faction warfare solar systems.

Returns **[object][12]** 

## wars

Data about which NPC factions are at war.

Returns **[object][12]** 

## getSettings

Gets the settings for esiJS.

Returns **[JSON][13]** A JSON object with the settings.

## setSettings

Sets the settings for esiJS.

### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][12]** 
    -   `$0.route`  
    -   `$0.authToken`  
    -   `$0.language`  
    -   `$0.programName`  
-   `route` **[string][14]** Any of the valid routes through ESI.
-   `authToken` **[string][14]** A valid auth token.
-   `language` **[string][14]** A valid language code.
-   `programName` **[string][14]** The name of your project, used by esiJS to pass in as a header.

Returns **[Boolean][15]** True if it was able to sucessfully write. Otherwise, a error.

## sleep

Pause execution of code for a specified amount of time.

### Parameters

-   `millis` **[number][16]** The time to delay (in milliseconds)

Returns **[Promise][17]&lt;[function][18]>** 

[1]: #characters

[2]: #corps

[3]: #leaderboard

[4]: #stats

[5]: #systems

[6]: #wars

[7]: #getsettings

[8]: #setsettings

[9]: #parameters

[10]: #sleep

[11]: #parameters-1

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
